Add dropdown, select and combo styling topics (#1365)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/drop_down.md

</igx-drop-down>
```

### Styling
Using the [Ignite UI for Angular Theming](../themes/index.md), we can greatly alter the **igx-drop-down** appearance. We are going to create and style an `igx-drop-down` component to choose an RPG 'Hero Class' from. 

#### Import theme
First, in order for us to use the functions exposed by the theme engine, we need to import the `index` file in our style file: 

```scss
// in component.scss
@import '~igniteui-angular/lib/core/styles/themes/index';
```

#### Define palette & colors
After we've imported the `index` file we can go ahead and use the [`igx-color`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-color) function to define some color variables we would like to use in our custom theme. We are going to use these for our custom igx-drop-down styling in conjunction with our own color [palette](../themes/palette.md) where we can specify our two main colors to be used by the component.
Fist define a custom palette and pass our main colors:
```scss
$my-primary-color: #ffffff;
$my-secondary-color: #7344df;

$my-color-palette: igx-palette(
    $primary: $my-primary-color,
    $secondary: $my-secondary-color
);
```

> Now we can specify some more colors to style our component. It is really convenient to take use of the previously created [palette](../themes/palette.md) and base our new colors on the primary&secondary colors defined. Lets say we are going for some different shades of purple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can specify some more colors to style our component. It is really convenient to take use of the previously created [palette](themes/palette.md) and base our new colors on the primary & secondary colors defined. Lets say we are going for some different shades of purple.
```

```scss
$my-light-purple: igx-color($my-color-palette, "secondary", 100);
$my-medium-purple: igx-color($my-color-palette, "secondary", 300);
$my-medium-plus-purple: igx-color($my-color-palette, "secondary", 400);
$my-dark-purple: igx-color($my-color-palette, "secondary", 600);
);
```

In order to see our custom palette and colors applied, we need to pass these to a theme function.

> So in one bold move we will [`create a custom theme`](../themes/component-themes.md##creating-themes) and pass our cool colors to a number of predefined `igx-drop-down-theme parameters`. Let's say we have decided modifying these specific parameters will be more than sufficient to make our component look the way we like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So in one bold move we will [`create a custom theme`](themes/component-themes.md#creating-themes) and pass our cool colors to a number of predefined `igx-drop-down-theme` parameters. Let's say we have decided modifying these specific parameters will be more than sufficient to make our component look the way we like:
```

$custom-drop-down-theme: igx-drop-down-theme(
    $background-color: $my-light-purple,
    $item-text-color: $my-primary-color,
    $header-text-color: $my-dark-purple,

    $selected-item-background: $my-medium-plus-purple,
    $selected-item-text-color: $my-primary-color,
    $selected-hover-item-background: $my-medium-plus-purple,
    $selected-hover-item-text-color: $my-primary-color,
    $selected-focus-item-background: $my-medium-plus-purple,
    $selected-focus-item-text-color: $my-primary-color,

    $focused-item-background: $my-medium-purple,
    $focused-item-text-color: $my-primary-color,

    $hover-item-background: $my-primary-color,
    $hover-item-text-color: $my-dark-purple
);
```
As in this particular sample we are going to use a button to toggle the `igx-drop-down`, we can go a bit further and style it as well. So we go a bit outside the `igx-drop-down` topic and to complement the overall drop-down theme styling we will create a custom button theme passing it our color palette like: 
```scss
$custom-button-theme: igx-button-theme(
    $palette: $my-color-palette
);

```

#### Applying
All that's left is to properly scope our newly created themes.

##### Globally

> In case you want this newly created `igx-drop-down` theme to be applied [`globally`](../themes/component-themes.md##creating-themes) in your app (to all of the components of this type, keep in mind we are actually extending igx-drop-down-theme), all that is needed is to include the theme in your app root style file. The same applies for our custom button theme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want this newly created `igx-drop-down` theme to be applied [`globally`](themes/component-themes.md#creating-themes) in your app (to all of the components of this type, keep in mind we are actually extending igx-drop-down-theme), all that is needed is to include the theme in your app root style file. The same applies for our custom button theme:
```

```scss
// in root app.scss
// Pass our drop-down theme to the `igx-drop-down` mixin
    @include igx-drop-down($custom-drop-down-theme);
// Pass our button theme to the `igx-button` mixin
    @include igx-button($custom-button-theme);

```
##### Scoped
There may be a case where you want a particular `igx-drop-down` be styled differently than the others in the app. This will require to use angular specific pseudo-class selectors like `:host`, `::ng-deep`, etc.

 >[!NOTE]
 >If the component is using an [`Emulated`](themes/component-themes.md#view-encapsulation) ViewEncapsulation, it is necessary to `penetrate` this encapsulation using `::ng-deep`.

On the other side, in order to prevent our custom theme to leak to other component descendants, be sure to include the `:host` selector before `::ng-deep`:

```scss
:host {
    ::ng-deep {
        @include igx-drop-down($custom-drop-down-theme);
        @include igx-button($custom-button-theme);
    }
}
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The [**IgxDropDown**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdropdowncomponent.html) component uses [IgxOverlay]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/overlaysettings.html) to hold and display the `igx-drop-down-items` list container. As the overlay is not displayed under the `igx-drop-down` but by default attached to the document body directly, if the styles are scoped they will not be applied to the `igx-drop-down` container. This requires the use of `outlet` to manually set the `overlay`to be attached to an element inside our component, so that our scoped theme properly affects it. For details check: [`IgxOverlay styling guide`](overlay_styling.md).

Reviewer: While technically correct, this is a bit confusing. You can reword it as:
```suggestion
> The [**IgxDropDown**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdropdowncomponent.html) component uses [IgxOverlay](overlay_main.md) to hold and display the `igx-drop-down-items` list container. If we want to limit the scope of our styles to our component, we have to make use of the [`OvertlaySettings.outlet`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/overlaysettings.html#outlet) property. For details check: [`IgxOverlay styling guide`](overlay_styling.md).
```
